Added support for ltpa token (#219)
zowe/cics-for-zowe-client: packages/sdk/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the IBM® CICS® Plug-in for Zowe CLI will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

> - Enhancement: Use LTPA tokens to allow CMCI "sessions". [#217](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/217)

Reviewer: I'm not sure adding some constants to the package warrants a changelog entry talking about LTPA tokens. I think we should change this to be something along the lines of...
```suggestion
- Enhancement: Added CICS resource names to available constants. [#217](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/217)
```
